Shalom, I command all the demonic holding back your breakthrough to live you right now, in the mighty name of Jesus, you will fully realize your dream and vision on earth, your dream and destiny on earth will be fulfilled, no power can stop You. I've seen a few of your comments on my page, I hope you're fine, today the holy spirit lead me to your profile and showed me some things about you and I can see you have a monitoring evil spirit in your families giving you problems in order for you to always be a failure in whatever you do and I can see a great sickness coming to you now you have to fast and message this powerful orphanage in somewhere in Nigeria for them to pray for you because the prayer of orphans is precious and powerful to God for a strong deliverance ask for their account details and make sure you make a breakthrough donation, this year 2025 is your year for God to restore you back my beloved, message them on WhatsApp now or call (+2348104217467 ) divine healing is yours be fast before is too late message them now now God bless. 🤲🙏🙏👏❤️

Apostle Joshua Selman
@ApostleJoshuaSelman-e3

Hallelujah child of God believe I don’t know you in person but God knows you, Hear me, brethren.
Anyone from your father's house who transforms into an evil bird at midnight to watch over your movements, your marriage, your health, your business, your studies, your success, and your destiny, may heaven send this evil person on a journey of no return, in the name of Jesus.
1 pray that you will achieve the impossible and accomplish the incredible this year. May God open the way, reveal your destiny, and favor you wherever you are. May you never lack blessings in your life.
As I meditate and prayed, the Lord opened my eyes to see things around you. I saw blessings and open doors. However, in the spirit realm, I saw powers and principalities plotting and withholding God's blessings from your lives.
But the Lord said it's time for your release and the total restoration of breakthroughs in your life and your family's lives. as I reaise my hand towards heaven and pray for you they shall serve as a point of contact to you where ever you are, you will receive double portion of grace to excel and total restoration of breakthrough in your life
sow a seed of favor to this MOTHERLESS CHILDREN BLESSED SAMSON OBOH
ORPHANAGE HOME located at somewhere in
AFRICA and witness miracles unfold. Contact the MD or WhatsApp them now on (+2349059347817)
ask for their account details.....make a donation to them tell him I sent you for it is not by might nor by power but by the spirit saith the lord. Zachariah 4:6 .you shall testify to the glory of God in your life in Jesus name AMEN God bless you……